For my web page I have developed an interactive website which explores my creative writing project Terra Inter, or, The Lands Between. I mentioned this project at the beginning of the semester and it's been on my mind since. So, this is a full tilt at creating a space for myself and those interested to browse and add entries, maps, and documents written for this project. I run a Dungeons and Dragons game with several friends. A larger hope for this project is to provide my players an interactive environment to explore and learn about the world before reaching the table. I use the React Icons for UI elements specifically on the navigation bar to add some eye candy. Hopefully when you see this project, the map is interactive and a great deal of content has been inputted into the website. I fear that with time constraints I might not have enough time to input all of the world building content onto the web page as that would involve churning my entries into json data or copying it into the add entry page. I am incredibly stoked for this project though and personally want to continue building this application for my players. My first improvements to the site would be a search bar for easy browsing. That and an interactive map which allows users to select a region where they are taken to a region specific page like the compendium page which shows you entries that are organized by some metric like relevance. 

Here's the link to the project: (https://csc336-fall2025-static.onrender.com)

